One night a week, Jack goes to comedy class, which means it’s the night that I have all to myself. In lieu of doing anything productive, I usually eat toast for dinner in front of the computer and let myself go down a rabbit hole of Youtube videos. I watch what people eat in a day, I watch people who live in vans and make vegan food (#vanlife), I watch people who live in vans and make vegan food while raising young children, and I read the scroll of crazy judgy comments that come as a result of that lifestyle choice. By the time the night is over, I’ve had my fill of Youtube.

One person I’m happy to have discovered is Lauren Toyota of Hot for Food (go get her book, it’s awesome)… and through her videos/IG stories, I also came to know Timothy of Mississippi Vegan and his insanely gorgeous Instagram account. Later, Timothy and I connected because it turns out that we share the same book publisher.

Fast forward – his book, Mississippi Vegan – is out today(!) and it’s a stunner! It’s packed with primarily southern-inspired vegan recipes, and they all look so delicious! There’s vegan gumbo (four versions, actually), “sausage” biscuits, fried popcorn tofu po’boys, slow-cooked red beans & rice, and a ton more. I chose to make this Oyster Mushroom Soup. I suppose it’s not terribly southern, but it sounded ridiculously delicious, and it was!

Oyster Mushroom Soup

I love brothy mushroom soups, and when I saw the ingredients for this one – lemongrass, ginger, miso, etc – I had to make it because it’s full of so many of my favorite things.

In the book, Timothy often uses unlikely ingredients to build rich umami flavors (kombu, various types of mushrooms, etc)… but he also mentions that you can still make the recipes if you don’t have one or two of the ingredients called for. After making this recipe, I can tell you that it’s packed with a ton of wonderful flavor, but it would absolutely still be delicious if you had tamari but no miso, or if you didn’t have kombu, or if you had cremini mushrooms instead of fancy oyster mushrooms.

Oyster Mushroom Soup

This healing soup makes my soul so happy – it’s a great one to make now that the nights are getting colder.